okay so we've got a new series of
unboxing videos starting today unboxing
at the camera man's desk so we have the
SteelSeries for HD and we're gonna take
this out of the box here so first break
the seal here
SteelSeries just launched this along
with the 9 HD as well as their news eye
and Kinzua mouse now
SteelSeries sent me as i but it didn't
have a retail block so I can't really do
an unboxing but you can you can check
out the mouse here before we open this
mousepad there you go
that is the Zeiss oh it's got one two
three four buttons and this is to change
the DPI you got your wheel and then left
and right click that uses a laser grade
gaming engine so that's means that has a
laser sensor okay so let's get this
mousepad open and if I could get it out
of the box that would be tremendous
there we go
alright so it comes in a little
clamshell package which we can unsecure
from here oh oh that's kind of nice okay
so this is like a semi semi hard surface
so I can actually bend it a little bit
here but not too much and then on the
bottom which the cameraman was trying to
show you before I moved it's kind of a
bum poly rubber surface so if you put it
down it actually won't move much like
the other SteelSeries mouse pad you have
in here which is the Wow mouse pad so
you've got all your little SteelSeries
logos and i guess we can actually play
around with the tracking a little bit
like right off the bat here tracking
seems to be satisfactory on the on the
mac we're using it on so it's hard to
say cuz max up for gaming anyway anyway
thank you for checking out my blog video
on the SteelSeries
for HD